Rephrasing the step under DagFileProcessorProcess (#40842)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/authoring-and-scheduling/dagfile-processing.rst

``DagFileProcessorProcess`` has the following steps:

1. Process file: The entire process must complete within :ref:`dag_file_processor_timeout<config:core__dag_file_processor_timeout>`

> 2. Load modules from file: The DAG files are loaded as Python module and this must complete within :ref:`dagbag_import_timeout<config:core__dagbag_import_timeout>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Load module from file: The DAG objeects are loaded as part of Python module and this must complete within :ref:`dagbag_import_timeout<config:core__dagbag_import_timeout>`
```
